I can say, since I've been here at the reserve Center that I have not
had any, uh, instances or incidents. My apologies with sexual harassment.
A few years back, I was able to get the certification to be a
sapper victims advocate. And, um, I carried around the cell phone, and
I have I have not had any instances with sexual harassment, our sexual
assault. One of the things that I do feel that's important, though,
is that we are aware of behaviors of that kind of thing. Um, there
are trainings that could be done as well. So although I do have
the I don't have the, uh, certification anymore, because I'm the S
e l. And it would be a conflict of interest. I still have thio know
the process and procedures and to make sure that everyone is aware of
of sexual harassment and reporting processes.